# Meeting Minute September 17th

## Attendance

Khuc Nguyen (Tano)
Hieu Le  
Jason Zhu  
Edwin Duong  
Hritik Punj  
Harkeerat Mayall

## Agenda

1. Mock Presentation
2. Finalize user stories
3. Go through architecture diagram again

## Discussion

1. Mock presentation went well but overtime, need to cut off some of the fact in the introduction.  
   Hritik: should we add a little role play at the beginning?  
   Yes as long as we are not over time
2. User stories reviewed and finalize. There are some overlapping between which might make it hard to design issues.
3. Bidding mechanism has a lot of concurrency. How do we design a UI that facilitate it?
4. Should Bidding be a Listing? No, should seperate them since they work differently
5. We accidentally volunteer but that is fine

## Action Item

1. Harkeerat and Edwin to present.
2. Hieu and Hritik look into Go and Huma.
3. Hieu to set up github and workflows.
4. Jason to see which tables we need for Database.
5. Tano to create issues for sprint 1 on Gihub.

## Progress Tracking

slides deck is done  
WIP github repo setup
WIP database schema (tables)  
WIP sprint 1 task preparation
